● What is the intended purpose of your application?
    This application is designed to be a hub for "Scavenger Hunts" so to speak. Basically, users can create
    scavenger hunts in which users need to scour the web to find websites that meet specific requirements.
    For example, one of the sections could be to find a website where the third word of the second paragraph
    is "help". Users could then try to complete the scavenger hunt and make submissions using links that the
    creator could check to verify they meet the requirements. At the end of a deadline set by the creator of
    the hunt, they could list the winner(s) of the scavenger hunt.
● What work has been completed for this milestone?
    Most of the backend code is complete, such as communicating to the server. What doesn't work at this point
    is creating the tasks. Creating the parent hunt does work however, as does creating and managing your account
● What work is left, and how do you plan to complete it?
    I still need to work on fixing the task creation and submission to try and meet the tasks. I also need to
    work on the front-end for the website, which I plan to complete using bootstrap.
    ○ What does your timeline/roadmap look like to finish on time?
        It's going to be tough, and will require me to grind things out for pretty much every day until it's due
● How are you using React?
    I'm using React when it comes to displaying the hunts and their individual tasks, as well as the form creation.
    It has also helped to limit the number of additional pages I've needed to make
    ○ What components have you made?
        Components for each individual scavenger hunt
    ○ What components do you still plan to add?
        I need to add components for the individual tasks of each scavenger hunt, and the ability to make
        submissions to these scavenger hunts, which will then need to be handled server-side and stored in Mongo
● What data are you storing in MongoDB?
    Four types of data: Accounts, Hunts, Items/Tasks, and Submissions. Each is fairly self-explanatory. The
    Accounts are user accounts, the Hunts are the scavenger hunts, the Items are the components of these hunts,
    and the Submissions are the user submitted results for each task.
    ○ What data do you still need to store?
        No additional data types need to be stored in Mongo as far as I can tell. Just need to have the
        ability to add them functioning.
● What is your profit model?
    I plan to have a subscription model essentially. Maybe a one-time payment for a premium version that
    lets the user create more elaborate Scavenger Hunts or have more Scavenger Hunts in the system.
    ○ Have you implemented it yet?
        ■ If so, how?
        ■ If not, what is your plan to implement it?
            For this project, it'll be a toggle that'll allow the user to create more than 10 Scavenger Hunts
            and have more than 20 tasks in one Scavenger Hunt. I might change these values as needed however
● Do you have a plan for going above and beyond? If so, what is it?
    Main idea is to simply use Bootstrap or some other front-end framework to get the page looking nice.
    If I come up with another option to go above and beyond, I'll try and do so.
● If you used any borrowed code or code fragments, where did you get them from?
    ○ What do the code fragments do? Where are they in your code?
    I don't believe I have any code fragments taken from anywhere at the moment, outside of using DomoMaker
    as a base for most of the MVC structure.